Brother-in-law, life is too difficult for adults
If you really have
Right in front of him
Impossible to say that again
Why not?
Okay, okay, okay, go ahead and explain.
What makes your character bite to death?
Brother-in-law, hurry up and leave
Stop fooling around and go
Since you don't go
You won't go
Will you go
You can do the math
This person is posing as someone in the new district.
Beast and I are a cross in the middle of the three major families
No, the whole hospital is still there.
Landlord Qin Feng broke the Qingjun gift you gave me.
To prevent him from pretending to be the Qing army
Look, that's why my brother didn't take you seriously.
So?
When the son of a beginner in Jiangxi is arrogant
Publicly favor our three major families?
In the name of the Qing army
Just damn
Prince mortal
You have to call the shots for us?
It was this ninth master who explained
Before the official start of Qinghe Mian
We can't tell you your identity.
Damn these people!
Okay, time to clean up your butt
The subordinates are late
Please punish sir
Please Sun
Sir punishment